This has been a great week for fitness stuff.  Wednesday night I set a personal best for consecutive pull-ups with 30 (OK, 24 solid and last 6 sketchy).  Thursday I biked the farthest I have in a single day.  Did a 25 mile round trip ride from my house to the Boulder Circus Center.  It's only about two hours of biking, so I've ridden my mountain bike for longer periods of time, but I don't think I've covered that much distance before. It was (finally) a nice warm evening so no gloves or balaclava were required, which was great. This morning I hit my lowest weight of 135.8. I haven't measured recently, but based on past measurements, my body fat is probably below 6% at this point. Feeling pretty good fitness-wise!

Friday was a fun day. I got a haircut in the morning. I brought my own hairspray to make sure it came out right and ended up needing it, but the mohawk was righteous when she was finished spiking it. I hacked some more on the new version of this web site at a coffee shop in downtown Boulder. Then I met with a friend from the startup community and chatted about tech and startups. He may have some good introductions to make for me, so that's great. I met with Justin at Dojo4 and then did some more hacking at Trada code space. Then it was off to Shine for happy hour with Elise, Lewis, and Lynn. We had some snacks and drinks then hopped to Boulder Cafe for happy hour part two. Boulder Cafe's happy hour is the best. Two sliders and a beer for less than $8.

After that I was a bit giddy from drinking two beers (I'm a total lightweight) so I decided to walk to the spot for climbing instead of driving. It was a beautiful clear night with warm temperature so it was lovely. I had tweeted my plans earlier and Kris Nuttycomb from ReportGrid saw it and went there to climb as well, so I ran into him and chatted a bit. I was climbing with Caroline, a new friend I met last week via the Pizzis. We had a good session (bouldering is always so fun) and then walked back downtown to Shine to hear Atomga Groove Alliance play. They are a Denver-based Afrobeat (mostly) group that is similar to The Afronauts. We've played with them before and have another gig with them scheduled for February.

Today I launched a new version of my web site that I've been working on all week. Tomorrow I fly to San Francisco for the NodeSummit conference. January is looking to be a really fun month for me in 2012!
