So as I noted in an [earlier post](/persblog/2012/11/mehtober), overall most of October and November were ho-hum at best, and I've experienced a pretty unusual dip in my overall happiness level. I think I'm getting some inklings of ideas of what I need to do to get out of it, but today in particular I'm feeling pretty good. I did some laundry and day-planning this morning. Then I went to Theatrical Costumes in south Boulder to get a monk's robe for next week's aerials performance. I picked up some groceries and the now-customary Bailey's Irish Cream Jasmine and I will need for tomorrow's rehearsal. Then I went to aerials open workout and practiced my S-wraps and helicopters as well as the rest of my piece's choreography. I stayed the whole 2.5 hours, pacing myself a bit. Then I had to go back to Theatrical Costumes to exchange my black robe for a brown one based on feedback I got at open workout. I came home, ate a meal and finished up an episode of Sherlock I had started last night, then had a cup of tea and a nap. I then programmed for several hours on one of my side projects which has been out on the operating table in bits in pieces for almost a year now. I've changed the data model drastically now and I can see light at the end of the tunnel. I roasted a spaghetti squash for the first time ever for dinner and enjoyed it quite immensely with some nice fire roasted garlic tomato sauce. That may become a pretty frequent component of meals for me going forward. Then I practiced some Bach Two-Part Inventions and Klezmer Duets to get ready for rehearsal tomorrow. It's 10:40 PM now and I could easily do another long coding session on my side project. We'll see. I've missed this buzz of vitality in my brain for the past 8 weeks or so, so I'm really shining with delight that it's back.
